Hello, I'm Peter Park, working as a chaplain at
Eminent Hospice.
The first time I started hospice work was in 2012.
I started working in the US hospice for the first
time.
I learned about the US hospice system at that time.
I met various patients.
I realized that hospice work is very precious and
important.
I think it's been about 10 years already.
I'm not working alone in hospice.
I work as a team. I mainly work as a doctor, nurse,
social worker, chaplain, and other nurses.
I work as a team.
I think chaplain can be divided into two main roles.
One is the SCS, future counselor, and BC.
There are two areas. As you know, there are many
patients who work in hospice.
Usually, when there is a physical pain, the life
quality is improved a lot.
Likewise, as if there is a physical pain, many
people live with a spiritual pain in their heart.
I think there are a lot of people who can't think of
it as important.
If you get control through counseling, the life
quality is improved a lot.
I think many people who have died in hospice are
suffering more.
Especially, the hospice chaplain service is very
precious.
It is important to visit and discuss with those who
are involved in the service.
Through that, you can get rid of the pain in your
heart.
I think it is very important to share with those who
have died in hospice.
Through counseling, you can get rid of the pain in
your heart.
These are the services we receive before we die in
hospice.
After the patients die, there are many families who
love them.
For those families, through the appointment
counseling, you can get rid of the pain in your heart.
After the patients die, you can discuss with them
what kind of services they need.
There is a service that we have sent to the families
for a year.
How can we get rid of the pain in the family?
We are also sharing with the family how to deal with
the patient's personal and social problems.
I remember the patients who had died in hospice.
One of them tried to commit suicide while taking
care of the patient.
It was a person who tried to stop his life because
of the pain,
but if he had received a little more hospice
service,
he would have thought that his life would have
changed if he had received more hospice service.
The other person was a person who had died in
January of this year.
He said that he loved his wife.
He was a person who couldn't say that he loved her
so easily.
After he left, I discussed with my son in the middle
of the conversation.
He said that he loved his father.
As soon as I heard the story, I felt a great burden
on this matter.
The other person is a person who has been taking
care of the patient.
He is a very active person.
He doesn't have anything. He thinks everything is
perfect.
A few weeks ago, he told me that he has something to
say to his wife.
Suddenly, his face suddenly changed and he started
to cry.
He said that he couldn't say anything to his wife.
He also talked about his wounds that were deep in
his heart.
I was surprised to see how weak he was.
I couldn't tell anyone about the pain in his heart.
I prayed for him. After that, I saw his face getting
brighter.
It was a very precious experience for me to realize
that the need for hospice, counseling, and chaplain was necessary.
Koreans generally think that hospice is the cause of
death.
Why should I think about hospice?
I don't need to think about hospice.
That's how I approach it. When I look at the systems
I learned from the patients I met in the U.S. hospice,
in the U.S. society, this system of hospice is very
cultured.
When the end stage approaches, hospice becomes
natural.
Through that, they receive services and find ways to
end their lives.
In the Korean society, even in the U.S. society,
hospice is a social system where we can think of death
as if we are being welcomed by the world.
It is a social system. It is also a social benefit.
Many people think that hospice is difficult, and it
doesn't really matter to them.
Also, don't be afraid of hospice.
It is a system that helps the society to end my life
in a positive way.
If you need to tap into hospice,
you can ask and receive counseling.
If you decide, it will be great.